Hello from Meltdown Comics, from NerdMelt Media in Hollywood, California, Harmontown
is now in session.
Welcome to the stage of the Mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you for making the drive and the treacherous traffic.
Good for you, good for you folks.
So there was some kind of parade or something in LA, right?
Was it the Christmas parade?
Yes, yeah.
Really?
That's a big parade.
It's a bummer, though.
Have you been to it?
No, no.
It's not a good parade.
I assume it's a...
No parade is a good parade.
Not anyway.
I saw the Macy's Day one on TV.
Ronald McDonald was just scraping his belly along the...
Broadway.
I don't know if there was a golden age of the Macy's Day parade when it was like, oh,
each float is a cultural masterpiece or something.
It just happens in Hong Kong Fooies in there, too, but I think it was probably always a
commercial jerk-off.
It was probably all pretty capitalistic in nature, but boy, howdy.
With the floats and then they just stop and this was weird, silent boulevard and some
kid in a snow jacket does a break dance and they just, the announcers are just going like,
there's the buttermilk cracker float, buttermilk crackers that Santa's workshop, the crackers
go down the chimney and out to all the boys and girls and there's Alonzo Mosley.
The star of...
The character from Midnight Run that the outfit Kodo played.
In point of fact is who I just named.
That's where my brain...
Were he in Hong Kong Fooie in the same parade?
Do you want to tell people who Hong Kong Fooie is in case they don't know?
Hey, what's up?
Look, I didn't even know who the hell he was.
I only ever knew who Hong Kong Fooie was from the Macy's parade.
It would be the...
It was that hold-on float.
I don't know if there was still a Hong Kong Fooie, but there was a Pokemon and there was
a Pikachu and there was a...
The last thing I was...
Because it was playing in the hotel in Florida and the last thing on the feed in Florida
was Santa Claus.
I guess that's how they end.
The guy goes, and as always, the end of all the Thanksgiving parades, there's Santa Claus.
Boy, it's great to see him, and as all the kids get on top of the parents, straining
commercial.
That was really funny.
Look, there's a kid that you just left with the image of kids on top of parents straining.
Anyways, whatever it was.
But normally it's the other way around.
Yeah, usually the parents strain on top of the kids.
Yeah.
It was funny.
In Purve Land.
Yeah.
Is that Lorraine Newman's husband?
He's like a weird version of Commander Pike from Star Trek.
He's got only a couple buttons on his...
All right.
I see the writing on the wall, I'm not the most facile tonight.
That's why we should bring up our amazing friends.
What?
I'm under the weather right now, so I'm in another world.
Let's put the onus on the bonus.
Let's show biz talk for...
Let's hinge the show on our special guests.
Let's put the onus on the bonus.
It's an old show biz term.
Don't tell me you've never heard that phrase.
Well, I know what the onus is.
It's on the bonus, but they don't know who the bonus is.
Well, I tweeted what the bonus was, and he did make it.
Please welcome my impish, quixotic, energetic, incredible, genius, intimidating, delightful
friend, Mitch Hurwitz, to the stage.
Have any seat you like, do whatever you like, with them.
Okay, go ahead.
Sit off there.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah.
Mitch Hurwitz.
All right.
There's a mic in there.
That was the thing that your anus was on.
So, yeah.
Dan.
First of all, I can tell you, you have never seen an artist prepare the way Dan does backstage.
Can I lift the veil a little bit?
Sure, sure, sure.
It gets here at like four in the afternoon, and it's calisthenics, and then newspaper
after newspaper.
It's unbelievable to see your process.
Yeah, I look for funny ads.
And then the grooming.
I mean, the grooming, which I'd heard about, you had only heard about.
I'm so, I truly am.
Dan wakes up, actually, he doesn't wake up.
He wakes up at 6 a.m., as you know, and gets straight to work and starts writing community
by 7 at Paramount.
Right, yeah.
But at 4.30, while he's still asleep, a team of Korean women come in and groom him in
his sleep.
That's why every year is always, and punch up.
Yep.
No, but I really admire, I make this joke as a statement of admiration, because your
process is so effortless.
It just comes out, honestly, my process is really tortured.
Like, do you want to see me try to think of a joke?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tell me one about a caterpillar.
Oh, okay.
See what I mean?
It's just not, it's not like you're, it's too much.
Dan, show me your process.
It doesn't podcast.
Hey, guy walks in a bar, rape!
See, I don't, yeah.
It's, I'm sure it was everybody, what, thanks for coming Mitch, so whatever comes out of
my mouth.
Your band is amazing too, they're so cute.
Uh, the band is good.
Um, so, so I went, speaking of work ethic, uh, I wanted to ask you about your days at
Fox working on Arrested Development, world's smartest company.
Would you like there to be no more Arrested Development, we could just speak candidly?
Uh, no, I wouldn't like there to be, yeah.
Because that might be the result of me speaking candidly.
No, no, no.
I think our situations were pretty similar.
I do.
I think I, I created a more of a, you know, a sort of a polished social exterior than
you did, but I feel like, but I didn't have to work with Chevy Chase.
Right.
But you did have to work, I've heard, I've heard backstage gossips and murmurs.
Your family was no easy, uh, they weren't like a, like communities blessed with a bunch
of people.
Except for Joel.
I know they're amazing.
Yeah.
Joel is a bit of a bitter pill to have to swallow.
And there's a girl named Gillian, did you know that?
Yeah.
She's, she's, she's, she will throw a tantrum if you pronounce the G wrong and she throws
hardcover books around that she, that she, she only bought cause you heard about him
on NPR and she, she got him cause of the hardness of the cover cause she wants to throw him
at people.
And if that is, uh, let's just say drinking and let's just say gambling and let's just
say violence and let's, I got to spend a few days over there and, uh, they really were
amazing.
Yeah.
And they lionize you.
What is that?
When you compare someone to a lion, uh, whatever that is they do to you, I love you like, oh,
here comes Dan.
He could smell their red meat.
He kissed the lion.
Like, oh, they're lionized.
I'm absolutely positive that it's no exaggeration that you spent more time with them than I
did the whole 13 episodes because I doubt it.
I hope that they understand that, that I, that that means that, that what I do, that
the footsteps aren't there cause I was, uh, masturbating in the bushes.
Yeah.
I mean, I think they know, uh, but I don't know.
They, they really, they all admire you and I do think it's because they haven't spent
much time with you.
No, they really, they're all so proud.
They're incredibly proud as they should be to be on such a great creative show.
And the one that, that I got to sit in on was no exception.
It's so out there.
It's so creative.
It's unbelievable.
I went to the set and I really, there was like a big chasm between like, you could tell
they thought, oh, this is like a show creator guy, a guy can give us jobs and everything.
And by the end they really started to see me more as an equal.
So I got the hell out of there.
Yeah.
That's good.
You had the luxury.
Yeah.
That was a close one.
And your, your, your bit was, uh, was, was amazing at everything that Schrab, Schrab cut
together.
It's really fun.
But no, I have to say, actually like, like your cast, our cast was great.
They're wonderful.
But they hated each other.
Some of them.
And they just functioned truly as a family in a great way.
You know, we had like a couple of leading men as brothers and there was a lot of stuff
going on there and they loved each other.
They were, and they, you know, competed.
And, uh, but for me, the challenge, it was always, you know, Fox, it was always dealing
with the network.
It was all the same stuff you do.
But as far as what I found out this season, because, and I'm, I'm an honest person because
these people, once they fire you and bring you back, not because they respect you, but
because if they brought you back, it's because they don't give a shit anymore.
For that reason, I have been left to my own devices and I have truly found that I was
always the problem.
Well, in some of your devices, I've seen a couple of the devices.
Yeah.
Well, left to my own actual self-build devices.
It's really offensive.
I'm, I'm, I'm the Steve Jobs of, of, of Cronenbergian, uh, uh, acting in Blitz.
Yeah, yeah, I have a, I have a fake twin that, that, uh, that I invented a lot of weird,
curvy, uh, alien tailbone looking things that I, I claim helped you act.
Um, there's a table full of them and they're all flecked with, uh, fluids.
No, but the amazing thing about this Sony, about your situation at Sony, because I know
they haven't been around this year.
And I don't think it's because of that whale bone thing.
I think it's, I, I think it's, it's that, I think they, I've always thought in television
they want you to push them out of it.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, the whole says they want to be able to say, well, yeah, maybe that's it.
They don't want to be accountable, but also, you know, they know the only hits that have
ever come for them are the ones where the guy said, fuck you, we're not doing it your
way.
But that's, that's too selfless.
I don't believe that they're that selfless.
That's why they're, they're still putting in their, their whole system where they've
got all these checks and balances and then it takes somebody to come along and say, you
know, on the Simpsons, they don't give notes.
Right.
But those are all, those are all money-making things and they never left you alone until
you, you, you're, there, I mean, you and I were, we share, we're on the Simeon branch
that is the low-rated great ape.
Yeah.
We had no tail.
It's called the not, the non-wealthy ape.
It's the one branch of the ape that didn't become super wealthy.
But, but, but, but you, like the last temptation to Christ, the guys put up on the cross, what's
his name?
Uh, Christ.
And, uh, he read for Michael Bluth, but everything was so on the nose, it was so overstated.
For a moment you get to see, like, like, like Christ is up there on the cross and you get,
I think that's the conceit of that movie and book and whatever, is that for a moment you
get to see, okay, it's all fine and well to know that the guy got put up there and forgive
him God, they don't know what they're doing and all that stuff.
But for a moment in that story, what you get to explore and see is, okay, what if he had
said in a moment of, of passion, a moment of selfishness, all right, time out, forget
it.
I don't want to be Jesus ever again.
Uh, and you get to see that it would have sucked that, that, that, that in the long run
it would have been shitty.
I feel like, like, like politically, season five, they, they, like they said, okay, what
if we did leave you alone, you preening, whining fucker?
And the truth is we all, like, like, like I am my own worst enemy, like I will stay
at that office until that, that the script is supposedly perfect, but it, it, it ain't
ever perfect.
Like Dan, you're saying that you're not getting any, like, uh, any trouble from the, uh, from
the Mucky Mucks?
They're not, they're not, they're not making my life difficult at all.
No.
You lose something to rebel against.
I mean, that is part of it.
Part of it is you want to kind of stoke the, the fires of that anger a little bit.
We did a thing in the last season where we had a Google car, you know, that was going
to be that, like the funny vehicle, cause I'm all for just anything else funny.
You can get in there, get it in there.
So, and every once we were in a parking lot, there were all these like air conditioning
trucks and Jim Valley said to me, look, season six, everybody's got a funny car.
But, uh, so we had Jason driving the Google car and it was just not that funny.
And then we heard the Google wouldn't let us use it.
We were like, yes, we have a point of view now.
Right.
You know, I get to be mad at something.
Yeah.
We're mad at it.
And I think that's part of.
The oppositional defiant disorder.
Yes.
It's, it's, it's like, it's like someone's, someone's going to make me mad.
We brought, we brought, we brought, uh, some integrated marketing into as we've done to
great success in the past and they're, they're really cool.
And then they, and then they said that they, uh, well, we never, uh, we never call that
that.
And I was like, yes.
And I was like, now I know what the scene's about.
Well, we are calling it a filet of fish sandwich now, my friend.
Or now the scene's about how you don't call it that.
Now how you like me.
And I really, that really made me step back and go, is that your whole stick waiting around
to be told what not to do?
And then you talk about how you can't do it.
Like, like, you know, there's always something to be outraged about, right?
And I think like, I remember we did this, this ninth or the 10th episode of, of the third
season.
It was the first time we'd really gone super meta.
We'd done kind of things like that, but, um, we had no point of view in the show.
It was just something, nothing tied together.
Like the kid was going to a private school and they were throwing a dinner.
It was just nothing.
And then I got a call saying, you're canceled.
It was like, best thing that ever happened, a show nine.
And that was the one that we were, they were making all these comments about, you know,
now there's going to be 3d segments and all that stuff.
It feels a little trite now.
I did.
We did an episode this year where I wrote it in anger, uh, in like six hours, uh, out
of sarcasm.
I know what that is.
I read, I read something online that was somebody saying something and I was like, I know this
is fucking.
You want to, you want to see this shit?
Fuck it.
And it's probably, it's really one of the better episodes of the season.
It's me going, yeah, everyone want to go home by six, fine, you're going home by six.
See how good the show is.
And that's, it's fine.
Fine episode.
A story, B story.
I get it.
A couple of jokes for Mitch.
Dan or Mitch, uh, I'll start with Dan, like what, what, what, what's been the recipe like
climate wise for the worst episode of the season?
Like, uh, definitely without a doubt, it's, it's, it's knowing in advance what that you
want to do X. Now, uh, uh, you know, in the past that's some of the episodes are that,
that's always, that can generate your best episode knowing that you want to do, it's
going to be a blank episode, um, but it without a doubt, when you are up at four AM on a Sunday,
when the call time is seven AM Monday and you're writing the scene and no one knows
what the fuck is going on, the reason for the trouble starts with someone saying, we
have to do a Dungeons and Dragons sequel.
We have to do a zombie Halloween.
We have to do Christmas is going to be this because it's not organic and it's, it's,
yeah, well it's kind of like knowing what your theme is ahead of time.
And you'll see people.
You'll see, you think Ryan Murphy listens to this show and he's like, oh, these are
some good pointers.
I'm going to use that one for American Horror Story.
I just picture him as having an Irish accent.
I'm Ryan Murphy.
I like to make the nice TV shows for the nice people.
Oh, I just, my experience of it seems like a very nice guy.
I don't want to talk about him.
He shoots it.
But I would, I remember, he would say things when he was doing a nip talk and talk about
how, you know, I want to do a show about superficiality and about how people are as only as deep
as their skin.
I know you didn't.
You came up with that at some point, but it is whenever you start off.
It's always a lie what you're starting with.
I mean, it's, it's what I was just praising you about, about this show.
Like I see you figure out your point as you're making it, which I really admire because otherwise
you're kind of full of shit.
You're going in with an idea, what you want to say already.
And I don't know.
I remember pitching arrested and saying the concept was going to be it's about a family
that loses everything and is much happier because of it.
And none of that happened.
They didn't, they didn't really lose that much.
They just sat around and stayed quasi rich, but very witty, the funniest family in the
world.
Yeah, they're really funny.
The material possession ever.
Yeah.
And it really was the idea of like, you know, I said, oh, you know, the husband and wife
that haven't been sharing a bedroom, they're now going to have to share a bedroom and there's
all these sort of family values.
And then the first like three episodes that got thrown at my face a lot, aren't they supposed
to learn that it's better?
Oh, yeah.
No, I'm building to it.
They're going to learn it's better.
They're going to learn it's much better.
We had to put our, our post super, but didn't you, didn't you work with Jay Gost?
Yeah.
On a one show.
And not on a, doing the last couple episodes of season three, there was a point because
it was like, well, how did season three end?
Chang was dressed as Napoleon and there was a dragon in the sky and Abbott's head was
the sun.
I don't know.
It's just the college, the community college experience.
Yeah.
I'm sound mixing it with Jay and I was like, Jay, could you think is there a way we can
get, go to some kind of Japanese anime library and find some kind of something that sounds
like a light sword, but also can we mix it because it needs to be funny to it needs to
be an ironic take like an ersatz light sword sounds Japanese, but it needs to be like the
Americanized version because it's a Jeff's imagination and something, something like
that.
And Jay Gost said, I signed on to a show about people going to a community college.
He was, he was being ironic of course.
He's a good sport, but yeah.
But, but, but I'm, I'm, I was curious like, like how, when you're, when you're surfing
the wave of, of, of, yes, have whatever you want.
There's water.
There's a home audience.
There's no idea at the array that's out here right now.
The beverage array.
I'm in the Kettle One Alliance now.
I don't know if you're, I don't know if I'm, now it's, and it's you guys against what,
like Captain Bacardi or whatever.
That's Ryan Murphy is, he's Jameson's, you better not take me Jameson's.
I, I, I hear the alliance is in a bitter struggle, right?
Against the, against Ryan Murphy's Bacardi Alliance or Jameson's whatever.
His Bacardi Empire.
Yeah.
There's a, there's a, all of the five major liquors are like the boroughs in,
And POD is working its way into, which is going to throw off the alliance.
Yeah.
Like you can't believe it's going to be like Japan.
And what was that?
Well that's Netflix, right?
The POD War.
I don't know the wars in order.
What was two?
I saw the first one.
Um, but I want to know how, how, when, when you were, when you were, when you were running
a network show, how, what, like, I appreciate you even trying to ask, because you already
know the answer.
You're trying to think of a way that we can get some information out to them, but you
know, it's the exact same experience.
No, I don't, I don't know, I don't know, like, like I want to know how dire it got in terms
of like the, the, uh, distance between what was in your brain and what they were shooting
on set.
I don't know chronologically, like how bad it got, because there's stories about David
Milch literally, they would, this is drama and this is David Milch totally different
thing, but there would be, there's stories about, there's a dude in his parking space
waiting.
Wow.
He pulls up into the parking space and like David Milch rolls out of the car onto his
back and starts saying things into the air and the, and the, and the 20 year old collects
it in a jar and throws it at, at, at the set, uh, and then they shoot that as it explodes
out of the jar.
Like, like, like.
No, it was not, it wasn't like that at all.
It was really, I mean, I, it got, was that Deadwood?
What was that?
It was NYPD Blue.
Okay.
Yeah.
Do you remember that documentary?
You saw him on his back.
Yeah.
There was a shot of him on his back.
No, it was, yeah, a bad back, but he actually would, like he would show, he would, sometimes
he would, you know, they would, he would be laying on his back on set, calling out lines
to the actors and they'd shoot him.
That's what I heard.
They shoot the actors.
Oh, I see.
No, that's not.
Let's try it.
Maybe it's, maybe it's great for creativity, but should we get down there and it wasn't
like that at all.
In fact, I, I see, I always had this illusion of myself as being reasonable.
And then it got, I was accused once of, of, you know, it being rope-a-dope is what it
was called.
Because you said you were a nice guy.
Well, I mean, I would try to, like I made it an effort not to be defensive.
Like that's, which is very hard to do when you're hearing notes, because you just want
everything out of your mouth.
If you've created anything, you want to say, no, you don't get it.
That's not what, I don't want to do it your way.
But if you can, I believe in like trying not to be offensive and trying to let in what
people are saying.
And but then I wouldn't always act on it.
You know, I mean, I would try to take in like, okay, so what they're saying is they, they
don't see that this character cares for his son.
And that's a drag.
I want to up that, but I also don't want to sell it out and, you know, all those things.
But I, I worked so hard on addressing their notes that I, in a funny way, I don't think
they even saw that I was doing it because I would, you know, I could change the sentence
a little bit and I could put this scene earlier, but they didn't want that.
They wanted to see it.
You're not going to believe me.
But the exact, exactly the same way, because I, I came up doing improv.
So I would go, there's no difference between someone in a suit saying, could you put a
dog in it or, or could Annie's care?
I'm not tracking Annie's character in this scene.
There's no difference between that and bringing up someone from the audience and having them
do the sound effects.
It can be invigorating.
Right.
And, and there's a whole creativity that comes out of like, okay, you've got this house.
It's built.
This is the foundation.
But let's see if I move the stairs.
All I have to do is kind of bolster the stairs and still get to the second.
And what they're thinking is, no, we thought you were going to bulldoze it.
Right.
And then they go like, well, I don't understand.
You're not following my notes.
I was like, well, I'm following the note behind your note.
I mean, you were, you were, you were saying that you wanted a flower on the guy's head.
But what you meant was you, you, there, there wasn't a prettiness to the scene.
And so I did that with, by the guy punching the, the, the, the dog.
Right.
Yeah.
Punching the ugly dog.
The, the, because the ugly.
Getting rid of one ugly animal.
He punished the ugly dog by punching it.
Add an ugly animal.
Remove it.
I don't know.
I just.
I don't want to cry.
Like a little, like a relatively large volume of their, of their, of, of notes that are
given to me.
No, I was always very surprised that they did not see that I was doing that.
And then I would get really specific notes.
There was one point where somebody said to me, why are you doing this joke three times?
And I, and I really was like, Oh God, am I doing that?
Oh God.
Like, should it be five times?
Wow.
No.
Why is one a setup and one, why is the thing, and why is one a punchline?
I remember, I remember the joke.
It was when it was Job talking about, it was just this little flight of fancy where someone
said, Job said, did you see the new poof?
Which was a, what the magic magazine was called in a restaurant.
And then Joe kind of misinterprets it, Gary, the new PA, is he, is he gay?
Oh God, I did something that could be taken the wrong way.
And then we see really, I think it was four things that he did that could be taken the
wrong way, the last of them, which is the one that this executive pointed out was him
with Gary on his lap on a chair rocking back and forth saying, well, it's not doing it
now.
And both of them just looking and trying to feel what the chair is doing.
Why are you doing that so many times, why can't you just do it once?
And it really was a, it was a fundamental understanding shift for me when I realized,
do you think I'm being an artist or being something that's going to cost you money?
I'm trying to make this popular, but that was the fundamental misunderstanding.
This is my version of mainstream comedy.
There is no such thing, I hope there isn't, I would think that there would be a person
that you would, who's stuff you had never seen because they wouldn't get off the starting
block.
There's no such thing as a TV comedy writer, listen to those words, TV comedy.
Exactly.
But before you get to the word writer, you have long since made the decision to sell
out.
You want people to like you.
It's like saying magician, masseuse.
Recluse magician.
Recluse of magician.
What?
Like you're not going to be one of those artsy fartsy magician masseuses, are you?
Yeah, we're nothing.
The guy who says, who needs someone to know that the corner disappeared and then rubs
your shoulders?
No, I'd want people to be happy.
But why does it have to be a French franc that disappears?
Why can't it be a half dollar, an American half dollar?
I know you don't want to dumb it down.
They preemptively make you feel like a snob, but no, I am trying as hard as I can.
That's the sad fact.
I'm trying as hard as I can.
Well, you and I both made, I don't even know if it was a decision, but it was based on
our personalities, let's do a show that we would like.
I mean, there aren't people in any field.
I learned it from you.
I don't know what your excuse is.
I swear to God, for watching Arrested Development, it was the moment when the Bluths for the
third time in the show made fun of someone for being cowardly and revealed that the family
as a whole does not know what chickens sound like.
And everyone's going, cool, cuddle, cuddle, cuddle, and Jason Bateman's going, has anyone
in this family heard a chicken?
And I was like, holy shit, and it wasn't, it wasn't like, holy shit, comedy can be so
layered and all this stuff.
What it was was, holy shit, I'm supposed to be making myself laugh.
I'm supposed to be, like there is no, there's no difference between the job of being funny
for other people and being funny for yourself.
It is the same thing.
It is the crazy thing about applause in this crowd that will get you.
I love somebody who can applaud themselves.
I denounced racism yesterday.
Crickets.
These people are, these people hate minorities, they love comedy.
There are a lot of people.
And they were here yesterday.
I don't know.
Sorry.
I love the Saturday practice shows.
This thing is so nailed down.
Am I up?
Did you, was that your line?
Rigorously rehearsed.
Mitch.
Don't add lip.
We opened in two nights, you guys.
I want to see you guys here at 7 a.m. and dressed for movement.
Are the CERC guys coming or is it still us just marking them off with tape?
They'll be here.
Because they're going to throw us when they start doing the gymnastics.
But there is a question a good interviewer would ask you in there, which is, where did
you learn it from?
Because you're a couple years older than me.
No, I listen.
It's very nice that you say that you learned it from me.
But we're all like, I don't remember.
No, I'm not kidding.
I'm telling you.
In terms of specifically, in terms of when sitting down to write a TV comedy script,
I absolutely learned it from you.
I also learned, I picked up, like Tina Fey doing 30 Rock.
Like I definitely was like, holy shit, this is a pace that you can have.
But I would argue, I don't know if she'd disagree, that she learned it, she got that
from you.
I don't know.
I think she'd disagree.
But I think that you changed things with you.
I got it from Ryan.
I don't know if you watched Nip Tuck.
I got a lot of it.
I will say, I think that I remember being a kid, this will date me a little bit, and
watching Get Smart and Thinking is like a little kid.
How come all the shows sound the same that there's one where it doesn't sound the same?
And basically what I was getting at is like, it's a guy's sense of humor.
Right.
Whatever you think of that sense of humor, it was clear that that was like Buck Henry
and Mel Brooks.
And for me, I think I remember seeing, like Larry Sander's show, that was a revelation.
I remember seeing episodes where it would just end and you'd have to do a little thinking
yourself.
You have to say, oh, he's in hell.
He's in hell.
You know, they didn't explain it, he didn't apologize.
That was amazing to me.
And I also came up with a lot of writers that would say things like, well, we could do
the old, that was said in a lot of rooms I was in.
And I remember at that point thinking like, I don't want to ever do the old.
But unfortunately-
I often want to do the old.
I strive, I scramble for it.
I go, oh, oh, oh, this could be like the old thing because I don't know what I'm doing.
But that's because you're inventing it every time.
That's what I try to do.
Try to invent it every time and that's the only way you're going to laugh.
But then it's just a bunch of people with their heads up their asses.
I don't know.
I don't know which version of me is more marketable.
Is it the version that is trying to be like other people or is it the version that is-
No.
I mean, listen, we're all, nobody's that independent.
I mean, I probably could go through an episode of Rest of Development and say, oh, that's
an Albert Brooks thing.
That's a Woody Allen thing.
That's a John Cleese thing.
It all gets filtered through somehow.
But for the most part, if you're trying to make yourself laugh, we happen to have chosen
a field that neither of us are really right for it because television is all about repetition.
That's what it does best.
Maybe up until the current era.
Amen.
Now let's make an edit here.
And for the podcast listeners, there's this brief silence and then some clicking sounds
and then two gunshots.
Right.
Can we just get a, can we get a gas, but it's got to be clean.
No laughter.
And then I'm going, so that would be amazing.
And then, and then about like a three second silence and then slow applause.
But preceded by, I think I know how to help them.
I'll cast a bet of me, Ryan Murphy, witchcraft.
Ryan Murphy.
You just need some voodoo magic from the bayou.
From the bayou?
Irish voodoo?
I think, am I talking about the same guy as he, yeah, yeah, the glee guy is also the
voodoo witch guy, right?
The voodoo witch guy.
He was raised in the bayou and then he went to Ireland and then he decided to comment
on, on superficiality in America.
That's why that's so rich.
Speaking of diversity, let's bring out Kumail Nagyane.
That is the single greatest intro I've ever gotten.
Speaking of diversity.
No, you're supposed to do the speaking of diversity now.
Yeah.
Do you mind speaking about diversity?
I think it's good, guys.
I am on board.
For one thing, it's my, it's my sole recourse to an intro.
Yeah.
Can I say something that happened backstage, is that okay, Mitch?
We were hanging out back, back there and Mitch came in, Mitch Hurwitz, creator of Restor
Development.
And he came up to me.
I got two intros and you got barely one.
I didn't get any intros.
But he came in and he shook my hand and he was like, oh, hey, we met a couple months
ago and I was like, you will never have to remind me of when I met you.
Because you're Indian?
We never forget.
I'm Pakistani, but that's fine.
Yeah.
If you, if you squint at look, Indian, I hate Indians.
Oh my God.
Thanks for coming.
This has been a great picture.
Yeah.
I'm the opposite of Indian.
Assholes.
The opposite of Indian.
Yeah.
That's your drama.
We're the opposite of Indians and the opposite of Jews, I guess.
Not fond of them either.
A lot of you go into cardiology.
My people?
Don't they?
Oh, yeah.
Well, doctor, doctor.
Yeah.
We're mostly doctors.
Is that why would you, is that why I feel comforted by your voice?
Maybe?
I don't know.
I wonder if you'd feel comforted.
I wonder if I've ever had a doctor that was telling me my heart would be okay and
he had.
Yeah.
My dad's a doctor.
I think my mom's waiting for me to play a doctor in a show so she can commit suicide
while she's watching it.
She wouldn't like that.
No.
I think she would be like, oh, if I, now you're mocking your father and, but that's a happy
thing there.
No.
It's a happy thing.
Oh, commit suicide.
Suicide is a good thing.
Oh.
It's the most honorable death possible.
Right.
Oh boy.
Here he goes again.
It's an honorable death.
We have to set ourselves on fire to get it to heaven.
Can male, can male save it for your blog?
Did I read correctly that you were voted sexiest man of the year by Salon magazine?
Yeah.
It wasn't a vote.
It was some person decided.
Jason Salon decided.
I don't know.
Yeah.
It was weird.
It's very cool.
It's obviously, and not to say anything about it, Salon, they have a lot of white guilt
in there.
And I think this was their way of like, hey, this should make you guys feel better.
I mean, you're a very attractive man, but I can see the guilt in that.
What I also like is that the description of the article was like, we didn't go off to
guys who hang out in the gym or anything.
Why did you have to put that in there?
We, yeah, we use the term sexy and a little looser around Salon.
One of them is just a really great orange I ate yesterday.
We're not sure the other ones is 10 and you're the only human here.
Check out this park bench.
Ergonomics are the new pecs.
Yeah.
Number three.
There's no future on my episode.
Calcium.
Yeah.
Salon.com is number six on their own list of sexiest man.
Come on, that's silly.
You're very sexy.
Thank you guys.
Thank you.
Come on.
Do something really sexy.
Take your shirt off.
Take your fucking shirt off.
No.
Come on, hot shot.
You're a public figure.
It's not harassment.
I'll be bullied by mature ones.
It's not bullying if you're voted sexy.
You're a public figure now.
Anyway, quick edit, we're going to go back to the music, cheer like you took a shirt
off.
Wait, wait, wait.
We'll let the music go for a second.
Jesus Christ.
Holy cow.
Look at those tips.
If we could do a gunshot and a gasp again.
Right.
Oh my God, his pecs look so good.
Mitch, you thinking what I'm thinking?
Gasp.
Oh my God, gasp take, that's a great, this show is going to take a couple of days to
come out.
This one will not drop tomorrow.
No, you got to go up to like Skywalker Ranch, get the really good quality guys.
We have to go back and add the sound effects of me and Mitch sucking each other's dicks
for the last half hour.
You don't need to add sound effects.
The tape was rolling backstage, you guys.
Axely said, Axely said.
I actually didn't add some of my parents' calls for three days because of that article.
Really?
Yeah.
I really didn't.
I haven't talked to them since then.
Because your phone is ringing off the hook?
No, nobody, they are calling, they want to talk about it, and I don't want to talk to
them about it.
And they're thinking, oh, now he's Mr. Sexy, he doesn't pick up my phone calls anymore.
Do you think that...
Now they'll never go to medical school.
I wish she was Dr. Sexy, yeah.
What do you think your mom's take on that would be?
Well, I'll tell you what was weird is that in the article they wrote that I had a fundamentalist
upbringing, which is a very specific word, and it is not what I had at a conservative
shared Muslim upbringing.
And it took a lot to get them to take that word out.
And my brother texted me like, what the fuck?
Did you have a different upbringing than me?
And I was like, yeah, they made me do like push-ups and pull-ups in the back.
I was doing the monkey bars, they're always doing that when they show like those terrorist
training.
That's how you get sexy.
They're just doing monkey bars.
You must be amazing at the monkey bars now.
Yeah.
I can jump into tires really well.
It's tough to get a bunch of guys together on a Saturday, just go use the monkey bars.
Tough to not get in a league.
My favorite thing in war movies was when a bunch of guys stood in a line with bayonets
and they had to go stab a sack.
Yeah.
Like a thicket sack.
Yeah, now you're ready.
Let's go and make sack land.
You land in Vietnam and you're like, well, there are no playgrounds here, we haven't
prepared.
There are no evenly spaced...
Everyone here has arms and legs and is shooting at me.
Yeah.
Why did we spend months going down that slide?
I could use a seesaw as a death weapon, but we have none here.
Do you ever have to really go under all the barbed wire with a drill sergeant kicking
your butt down?
Have they now figured out to put barbed wire all the way to the bottom?
You know, 60 years later.
Yeah, we've got to do this.
We've got to put it on the ground.
Just lay it down.
Stop putting it up on stands.
It's easier.
And make this wall get these ropes out of here.
Well, that's how they're getting over.
For God's sakes, this is Normandy, not an open house.
Who said they couldn't?
Who said they wouldn't be able to climb the ropes?
Who said that?
That's all we've been practicing for years.
Who said the ropes would scare them?
They're using the ropes.
They're climbing the ropes.
They don't think they're snakes.
They put gnats in them.
They'll never get here.
We have a bridge made of tires protecting us.
No, look at their wide stance while they run.
Yeah, they'll waddle over.
Because it's like, how do you train someone to become a killing machine?
You can't, so you're like, oh, distract them with tires and ropes.
Okay, four square guys, let's go.
Yeah, exactly.
They do always say, if you watch a Word documentary, that's the first thing that they always say.
All the GIs will say, the veterans that they interviewed, they're like, well, we got there,
and we had not prepared for this.
No shit.
Like, definitely not.
No one has ever invaded a military training ground in Minnesota.
There's one wall, but we all wanted to hide behind it.
Nobody wanted to go over it.
All the people could move.
None of them were stationary sack people.
But now the training is very much like the actual war, right?
Because it's like, end this game now.
Oh, I bet it is.
I call it duty.
I'm looking at you guys as people who might read the news now.
I did hear that Amazon is going to use drones to deliver their fucking...
Isn't that crazy?
Not really.
I heard the end of an Amazon story.
Is that what it was?
Yeah, they're going to use drones.
To deliver what?
To deliver, like, just, you know...
A copy of Eat, Pray, Love.
Or, yeah.
30,000 feet.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Yeah, Nip Tuck Box said that.
Well, that'd be a Google Chromecast module.
A little parachute comes down and lands on my mailbox.
Like, how does it...
I think they haven't worked out all the details yet.
I don't know how it's going to...
I mean, there's going to be collateral damage.
They are tied to bombs, yeah.
And I don't mean...
But that switch is set to off.
Not that that was a bomb.
That all feels so.
If they're delivering your groceries like that, the bomb switch is off.
Yeah, yeah, I hope so.
I hope they don't get confused.
And then, we're getting bombs and someone in Pakistan has the Nip Tuck Box said.
What the hell?
This is actually a good wedding present.
Thank you.
Yes.
This is Sony Aibo Dog, just talking about our direct TV.
Yeah, we got an Apple TV.
We have nothing to plug it into.
I told you, Dan, I did a couple of USO tours with Drew Carey.
We did, like, improv for troops around, like, before the Iraq invasion,
but after Afghanistan.
And they took us into, like, in the middle of a desert, there's a war room.
There's this big yellow building in the middle of nowhere in the desert.
This big yellow metal building.
And in that building was more bandwidth going into it at that time.
They said in the Kremlin and maybe the Pentagon.
I can't believe it's true, but the whole war was being run from there.
And there was a war games.
Like, you went up to the top floor.
There's these giant tilted, like, tinted windows looking down on a sea of computers
and people in front of these computers.
And on these walls, these giant movie screens of, one, is a satellite map.
One is a, that can change different arenas or areas.
Another, a giant map of the whole region.
And, like, digital blips of everything.
The blue is medical units.
The orange is infantry units.
The red is this.
And then just chuck and buck on one of them.
For some reason, they were just like, chuck and buck.
Not just something that came out of it.
Not far off.
You're actually not far off.
It was CNN on the other one.
For now, not much different.
But we were up there and we walked up there and they turned off a couple computer screens.
They left a couple on.
And one was a picture of a black and white aerial satellite photo.
And I asked like a kernel or something.
I said, what's this?
He goes, oh, this photo was taken five minutes ago.
He goes, we can do it in color.
We can do it, however.
We can also have it like right now, but we don't really need to.
They had Instagram before we did.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's what we could do.
We could do this Sierra X-Pro 2.
Nashville, would you have a little thing with this?
Nashville.
It was just a Taliban pictures of stuff they were eating.
There was a picture of a guy.
There was a picture of a guy like BFF.
And then there was a heart.
Wish you were here.
And then there was a picture of someone.
They zoomed in really close.
And it was a picture of an espresso with a heart in it.
Wow.
Yeah, really.
I asked the guy, he zooms in on a guy, and you can see a guy there.
Who is that?
He goes, that's just a farmer.
He's probably like, zoom in on guys?
Yeah.
I go, what's the resolution you have here?
He goes, we load it in.
The resolution is to fuck humanity.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Fuck that guy for farming.
That's the resolution.
Our resolution is to win a thousand times over.
See that guy with the pilot rocks?
We don't just make it New Year's Eve.
I said, could you see if the guy's shoes were tied or untied?
He goes, if you were holding a dime, I could tell you what year it was.
But the good news is he has no money and shoes that don't lace.
Exactly.
Just don't worry about it.
That's what I like about you, Mitch.
We're going to Bright Side.
You're a Bright Side guy.
We have a lot of wasted resolution.
So then they have no money.
That's how they've chosen to evade us.
Like living in games and not having a dime in their hand.
There's a radio shack flight simulator joystick there and he goes, watch this.
He zooms back and then you see some details of a farm and then a thing.
And then you see borders of countries.
Then you see the region.
Then you see the planet Earth and it's upside down because they were doing it for that right.
Then he hits a button.
And then it pulls back and it's Oprah holding it in her hands.
I was going to say just one masculine claw.
Too far, too far.
And then he goes, oh yeah, they turned the monitor off.
Oh shit.
Redacted, redacted.
And I said to him, I said, and you guys can't find Osama bin Laden.
And he kind of gave me like, if we find Osama, this is all over.
Yeah, exactly.
But he gave me a look like, we can, like we find what they ask us to look for, man.
And then we went on a plane.
No one had thought to say, hey, look for Osama.
He said, I go, we have more bandwidth coming into this building than any building ever.
And I said, what does that mean exactly to like explain that to me?
And he goes, if it exists as information, I can get it right now.
I'm gay.
Dan, I'm trying to tell a story.
We'll table your homosexuality for a moment now.
I don't know what that test was.
The story is taking place in the past.
But then we go on this plane with a bunch of people.
There's all these antennae like off the bottom of it and they fly around.
And I forget the name of the plane.
And there's all these people, they're linguists and they listen.
And I walked on the plane and they all turned off their screens.
Like that's like some secret.
Secret shit.
And I was talking to a guy that works in that plane.
I go, so what are you guys listening for?
He goes, they ask us to listen for certain communications.
We find Taliban people.
We find this, we find that, we find targets.
We radio that into the bombers or the fighters.
They go in there and they get those targets.
I go, how do you know that those targets are still there when the bombers get there?
And he goes, that's not our department.
That's crazy.
And so I said, well, what do you, what can you hear?
And he goes, I can't tell you everything that we can hear.
Because that's top secret.
But I will say that this enemy in particular has no idea what we can hear.
And he goes, for instance.
He probably thought, well, I can really tell you because it's not like you're ever going to tell a Pakistani.
Well, with all that change in your pockets and those shoelaces.
That you would tell this whole story to a Shia Muslim.
So he goes, I will say this.
We can listen to you.
If you're at home and your phones are hung up, like your cell phone or your like your landlines are hung up.
We can listen to you through those.
Come on.
And he goes, I said, and that's what you can tell me?
And he goes, he goes, they know that kind of, but we're catching them on their cell phones all the time.
I go, so tell me what you can tell me.
He goes, if it travels over a wave, we can hear it.
And I go, aren't our voices traveling over waves right now?
And he gave me the same smile the other guy did.
The response said, what?
I said, go get this fucking guy.
It's like, not my department.
Like, they tell us where to go.
What to listen to.
What to do.
Is this one of those situations where then the real guy comes in and is like, get to work and that guy is the janitor.
Like, I'm sorry.
Are you doing it again?
He gets your diamond shoelace.
It's true carry.
By your own mission, this was before Iraq.
May I hazard a guess as to why they couldn't find Osama bin Laden?
This can get really political guys.
I hope you're okay with this.
No one listens this far into the podcast.
He might be in Iraq.
Can't find him.
You think why?
That's why?
I think that I think he was somewhere else and he wasn't high priority.
Osama was it?
I don't know.
I really do believe with the intelligence.
You mean he was in Iraq in the tent next to where Jeff was?
True carry.
No, I will listen.
I actually just watched that Oliver Stone documentary, which is amazing.
If anybody hasn't seen the untold history of the United States, I can't tell you what it is.
It's untold.
It's just a black screen for an hour and a half.
But your imagination goes wild.
Isn't Oliver Stone like the worst historian of all time?
I do believe he put a little too much on Jim Garrison's back in JFK.
He really did.
It's a very valuable work.
But he was very right about platoon because people only spoke in cliches.
That's why we lost.
We were at war with our own language.
We were too busy writing grammar about grunts and calling people cheesedick.
Platoon.
Back then that was an insult.
How is it that if they have that, why are they still like drone bombing weddings and stuff in Afghanistan and Pakistan?
That was supposed to be rice.
This is the worst rice I've ever had.
That was an Amazon drone.
I know what you're talking about.
I put that on my wish list.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm like Robin Williams now.
Wish list, Amazon.
Hashtag.
Hashtags and bacon.
That was pretty good.
That was a pretty good Robin Williams.
Mitch Hurwitz is Robin Williams. What should I do tomorrow?
I wonder why Barbara Bush... I don't know.
Take the day.
That's really good.
Before you said a single word, it was like an amazing impression.
It got a little Irish and then I had to abort it.
It's a gold thwait impression of Robin Williams, which is impeccable.
They hang out every day for the last 20 years.
Bobcat.
You can't tell...
Are you friends with Bobcat?
He has done Jeff's job here before when Jeff's been away.
We actually had Bob and Robin on the same show here.
He brought Robin by unexpectedly one night.
He's so funny.
I remember telling me years ago, I haven't seen him in 100 years,
but he had just done...
Are we talking about Bob or Robin?
Yeah, Bob.
Jake's the clown.
Someone said, oh, you guys thought it was Robin Williams.
They both did clown movies.
Yeah, they did.
Very different tones.
Yeah, and Luanda Page, she had a line that was like,
what are you doing here? And she came up with, I got that peanut butter pussy.
It's smooth and brown and easy to spread.
And Bobcat said, okay, we have one that way.
I won Bobcat.
He is amazing.
And another hero of mine in terms of realizing,
that was back in Milwaukee, Bob.
I told him when he came here,
Schrab and I, when we were in Milwaukee,
as just virtual children by today's standards,
watching Bob do stand up and watching him kind of just untethered.
Yeah.
He's on the audience's side,
but he also doesn't even pander to his own audience.
On the audience's side,
but absolutely not accountable to them at all.
On their side, because he expects better of them.
And to the extent that they disappointed him,
he let them know.
And it was really gratifying and liberating to watch
the realization that performance didn't always mean pandering.
You have equal amounts of epiphanies about how it actually is pandering.
What the fuck are you even doing this for,
if you're going to be a jaded piece of shit?
There are lots of epiphanies in that area,
but there are a lot of people who set you free, too, along the way,
and send you the message of, holy shit,
to do this for yourself because no one wants to watch you.
Yeah, I worked with Chris Guest on something,
which, you know, another, like such an important guy in comedy,
and such a, like Bobcat,
and he maintains that he does not care if his audience likes the show,
or likes his movie.
Christopher Guest.
And I would say to him, do you care if your wife likes it?
Yeah, do you care if Michael McKeon likes it?
Right.
Yes, you're getting into an audience.
You're getting into an audience situation, Bruin.
Yeah, because it's a communication.
There's no doubt about it.
You're doing it for other people.
That's the weirdest.
That's the inception top spinning of,
why would I draw on that as a metaphor?
The...
But it spins between the poles of...
They are the most important people in the world,
I'm pointing at the audience,
like there's some kind of horde of plebeians.
You do everything you do for them.
If you enter the vocation that has anything to do with making them happy,
then you owe it to yourself,
and owe it to them to wake up every morning and go,
I would kill myself if they disappeared.
I would be like, I would have no Winslow on my outcast island.
I do everything I do for other people.
I am a psychotic.
I live to entertain.
But because I live to entertain,
I also owe it to them,
whether they like it or not,
to be myself and speak my mind,
because that's what they actually are entertained by,
because believe it or not,
they're human beings that have their own thing going on,
and when they do volunteer,
as we sometimes do,
to sit in a chair and watch somebody else,
they don't want to watch somebody
who spent the day figuring out how to make them laugh.
They want to watch somebody who's making themselves...
I think audiences,
and we're audiences too,
but I think people are highly attuned to being manipulated.
There's a certain amount that they're willing to play along.
I think it's why kind of self-referential stuff
got really popular for a while,
because suddenly we were doing...
Everybody was doing things like product placement
and things like that.
You had to call yourself on it,
but even that's a trick.
You're flipping the pancake.
If you leave it one side down for too long,
it starts to sizzle and burn.
Are we any more subversive than Jack Benny?
No, we're not.
Absolutely not.
In many ways, he was being more subversive than us,
because at least he had the balls
to stop in the middle of his comedy routine
and say, by the way, this is brought to you by a fucking mop.
So we don't actually
gain any distance.
We change, we rotate, we flip,
and we flop, and we flip, and we flop.
What was my point?
Jack Benny in particular was so subversive in a way,
because he really...
He called himself on everything.
That whole show was artifice.
If it was something that would embarrass him,
he'd kind of step away and he'd say,
well, this is just a show.
He deconstructed everything.
It's hilarious.
On satellite radio,
on the classic radio stuff
with Jack Benny's on, it's the greatest listing in the world.
All those guys,
it'll happen to us too.
In three generations, they'll say, oh, that's right, old stuff.
And then hopefully it'll listen to us.
You bit your ass.
You bit your ass, they'll be talking about me in 30 years.
That's what I heard.
That's what I heard Mitch Herbert say.
That was the guy.
They'll be talking about me in 30 years.
I said that wrong.
I'm so sorry, guys.
The guy that actually got hung for hate crimes.
That guy.
You brought the gallows.
Do you know he was a showrunner before all his crimes?
No, I heard it.
What's the show?
I can't remember what it was called.
Nobody up here to leave.
Nobody's leaving, even though it's going to get physically awkward
and crowded.
Because I need to bring, first of all,
Spencer Crittin' into the side stage.
Dungeon Master.
Hey.
What's up?
Mitch, you have to stay and play Dungeons & Dragons with us.
Oh, okay.
That's your punishment.
It's a little game you'll catch on.
Okay.
Super simple game.
You don't have a character for Mitch, do you?
No, and I mean, we're in the final boss fight
right in the middle of it.
That's okay. Don't worry about it. I'll just jump in.
Yeah.
I'll figure it out. Don't worry about it.
I won't make a mockery of it.
No, I mean, I'll totally figure it out.
If you've made a mockery of it,
that'd probably be the best way this could go.
If I made him what?
A mockery of it? No, I won't.
I'll figure it out.
I may say things like, oh, I've got the golden amulet.
I win.
That's what I'm saying. That's what's going to work.
That's what's going to play well here.
I'm not going to say much.
I think regular Harmontown listeners will know how seriously
we take this D&D.
I have an idea. Mitch should play my hawk, Avenger.
Yeah, I was thinking, yeah.
Okay.
By the way, can I say something? My character is a hawk.
Someone just tweeted this at me.
You'd be so great at it. Yeah.
They tweeted it at us.
They said, the D&D group has had a liar of
building this whole time.
They said, in episode 50, they found a liar of
building in the treasure after killing the dragon.
And they can basically build
mines, tunnels, ditches.
The effect produced
in 30 minutes of playing
is equal to the work of 100 human humans.
700 human hours.
Yeah, laboring for three days.
Okay, let's do it.
Let's try it.
Give it a shot.
See, he's got it.
He's got it.
Mitch has got it.
What were you worried about, Spence?
That's good.
Can we also bring Erin McGathy?
Erin McGathy.
It's my girlfriend, Mitch.
No, Erin, you want to sit over here.
I'm going to stand up.
Okay.
I'm sorry, guys.
What a tremendous support crew
we have. I almost called them a staff,
but we don't pay them.
They very briefly
do something very selfish.
Mitch, my little brother is your biggest, biggest fan
in the whole world.
He is. Could you say hello to Michael McGathey?
Michael McGathey.
McGathey.
Yeah, I've been live
tweet texting. How old is he?
He is
three years younger than I am.
Oh, well, now you can't say.
He's 26.
He's 47.
Hi, Michael. Thanks for listening to Dan's show.
You didn't know it was going to be on it,
but thanks anyway.
Thank you.
You seem like a great little guy.
I feel like, since we have Robin Williams here,
he should say hello to him.
Oh, hello, Michael.
What's the crazy ones?
Oh, the crazy ones.
Can you do me a favor, too?
Can you tell Shabana Nanjiani it's okay,
I'm not a doctor?
But do it as
Sean Connery.
You do it as Robin Williams again,
because they know who Robin Williams is.
I'll do it as Dan Harmon.
I don't know if you've heard my Dan Harmon impression.
No, it's pretty good.
Hey, Shabana.
It's good that your son's not a doctor.
Wow.
Thank you.
Wow. Thank you.
That was really close.
Michael, I also do your sister Erin.
Let me see if I can...
That wasn't nice. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
She doesn't sound like that, Mitch.
Mitch.
Alright, so you're a hawk.
Will Erin describe what she's wearing?
Because I think it's a propitious day
to do so, right?
Oh, thank you, Mitch,
for logging my animated show.
Is that what you're doing?
And paying attention to my girlfriend?
Oh, does that make the best of the impression?
I feel like I have to...
In the celebration of the premiere of Rick and Morty,
the best animated show I've ever seen,
several episodes, it's hilarious,
I painted a sweatshirt featuring
one of the main characters, Rick.
Yeah.
What does it premiere, Dan?
What does it air? Tell us.
Rick and Morty airs tomorrow on Adult Swim,
but it's been on YouTube the whole time.
But you should say the day of the week,
because it's a podcast.
Well, probably tonight, if you're listening to this.
But the podcast will come out in a couple days,
or does it come out right away?
We're not going to really make those edits,
so tomorrow.
It'll be tomorrow.
So tonight, Rick and Morty's on.
But it's also been on YouTube for two weeks.
It's a new business model, I'm just trying to help.
It's December 1st, 2013.
December 1st, 2013.
They did it on YouTube like two weeks ago.
Not two weeks, like a week ago.
Really? Yeah.
Well, I saw one hilarious little promo,
but I didn't see the episode.
But it's been on YouTube.
We don't get YouTube.
We don't get it.
I have no idea what they're thinking.
They're probably thinking wonderful things.
They're certainly the best network.
YouTube?
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's a new...
I remember they put the
pilot for community on Facebook
a couple days before it aired on NBC.
And I remember being young and naive
enough to go,
what? But that means...
And I remember someone from NBC
basically saying, in your wildest dreams
so many people would want to watch your shit
that this would be a problem.
Right.
And that's the new attitude with marketing.
TV, it's a long con.
You want to get 100 episodes
so it's valuable for them.
The people that really pay for this thing.
But at the same time as they dump your shit online
and then nobody watches.
But I don't think that's the reason nobody will watch.
I don't know.
Numbers mean nothing.
Those numbers mean that someone's cat fell asleep
on someone's arm.
Those numbers mean nothing.
They can't mean anything when they're that low.
But even if you just had...
10 million viewers.
Like everything on basic cable.
Yeah.
Things get... I mean, apparently,
even shows like Girls get in the hundreds of thousands.
Yeah, Girls gets...
It was like 600,000 or something.
But it's a fantastic show.
And I think it's the right 600,000
or whatever the number is.
Dan or Mitch, how would you feel about ratings
if you guys were the number one rated show?
I don't think you messed with the system.
I think it worked.
I mean, are we too quick to...
Did anyone say that ratings...
We're not sitting up here saying that ratings
are unimportant.
We're saying the opposite. We're kind of lamenting.
We want a number that says that
a billion people are watching our show.
We're not going like...
After a recipe, you know, they gave it to MSN,
which was, you know, then like a big portal like AOL.
It was just all the restaurants were on there for free.
They just gave it all away.
Anyway, maybe if everyone here...
I just want to entertain.
I know, but it's not that big of a crap.
If everybody chips in like 10 grand...
Can I tell a story real quick that has nothing to do with this,
but it's sort of time-appropriate?
Sure, as long as it's about time.
Because that's a good segue.
Wow, that was...
Time is passing and you're going to tell a time-related story.
By the way, I thought that thing about the reclusive magician
was really great.
Oh, come on.
I was like, oh my god, that's fucking amazing.
It's just a sad magician in a room
like, ta-da!
No, see, the way I heard that
was the best magician in the world
who doesn't need the feedback.
Yeah, like Salinger, the Salinger magician.
The trick is the points.
And he just can't fool himself. He just can't do it.
I feel like Merlin and Gandalf are probably pretty reclusive,
but those are people...
Those are wizards.
But they're also in all those movies.
Yeah. I think Merlin's pretty social.
What were you going to say?
What were you going to say, Camille?
You know, the other day, I had a shoe!
I'm sorry, that wasn't fair of me to do that impression.
I...
I was busting Dan
with my impression of Dan
jumping in.
I thought of it this week.
The first time I was in America,
I was like really little.
And I landed in Queens
where my uncle was.
And it was 6 a.m.
and we couldn't sleep.
It just happened to be a Thursday morning.
And my uncle was like, here, I want to show you something.
My first day in America,
and we went down,
and he showed me the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
And I had no idea what Thanksgiving was.
And I thought that's what happened every day.
I was like, we get up
and we're fucking like, look at us go!
How old were you?
I don't remember.
I was probably not even like, maybe 9 or something.
To young Pakistani eyes,
did it look like they were like dragging animals
and effigy down the street?
Just got curious.
Did it look like, oh, they hate Kermit.
They hate Garfield.
I don't think they filtered everything
through stock footage of terrorists.
I don't know.
He's waiting for Mussolini.
That's the spirit of the question, dude.
You know, this Infidel Charlie Brown.
You know,
I'd never used the word Infidel until I came to America.
Yeah.
Because we were just us.
I think I've told the story,
but at that exact age,
even though I was born and raised
where the miracles happen,
that didn't stop me from watching
David Copperfield make the Statue of Liberty disappear.
Oh, yeah.
Did I tell the story on this podcast
where I thought
I watched him make it disappear
and they used to make such a to-do
about things in broadcast TV make them
that I turned off the TV and was like,
huh, it's gone.
Hundreds of years of history.
How about that?
And I remember my aunt coming up
and going like, what's wrong?
And me going like, it's just
David Copperfield made the Statue of Liberty disappear
and I was like, oh, interesting.
And I was like, no, it's just, I mean, interesting?
It's fucked up.
The French gave it to us and I was like...
It's like 9-11 to your little aunt.
It was.
It was like a peaceful 9-11.
I expected that he really made it disappear
for real from the earth
and was pontificating about whether or not
that was right or wrong politically.
I like the idea of Osama
seeing that also believing it
and then trying to recruit him
and then going down.
My aunt was like, turn on the TV.
I think he probably brought it back.
No, I don't think so.
Dan, how did young you feel when the Harlem Globetrotters
made it to Gilligan's Island?
Did they really make it there?
Well, yeah, they made it there.
Mellark is buried there.
Deleted scene.
Sherwood Schwarz was the best.
Like Belushi, you know, on Martha's Vineyard.
You go out to Burbank in Studio City
and, you know, just try to find...
Jim Belushi died!
That was part one of a three-part joke
but no one did the other two.
I think everyone did it in their head.
I've been in Jim Belushi's basement.
Let's play D&D.
Listen.
The big story is that you're here to tell it.
I mean, there are very few people
to go out of there.
Yeah, how did you get out?
Yeah.
She's talking about the hipster breakfast place
in Connecticut.
Jim Belushi's basement.
That host slapped you on the ass on the way in.
Yeah.
That's what they call the colon word at the...
Jim Belushi's basement.
Yeah, because he gave a lot of money
to the colon co- erectile.
Mitch, you're a TV guy.
You've been around for a while.
I've heard a story that...
Wait, no, we're interrupting a story about Jim Belushi.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I had a boyfriend
who was friends with Jim Belushi's son.
Oh, is this in Chicago?
His son used to...
It's the same son, I'm guessing.
Rob Belushi, I can say that.
That was very nice of you
to point out that...
she was interrupted.
Jeff, in which case...
You're a really fantastic guy.
Thank you.
I like that you're interrupting her story
to thank someone for stopping
someone else from interrupting her story.
Camille, I like how diverse you are.
Thank you.
Hey, we're just putting the onus on the bonus, right?
And hey, Spencer.
Hey, guys.
Hi, Spencer, how are you?
Rob Belushi.
Very brief story.
I used to date somebody
that was friends with Rob Belushi
and took me on an outing.
I didn't know where we were going,
and the big reveal was that we were going to Jim Belushi's base.
Did he close your eyes and was like,
Ah!
Why are there Jim Belushi posters everywhere?
More or less.
I will say, and I don't think that this is going...
Slightly newer blues brothers.
Why is it the highest
concentration of Jim Belushi versions
I've ever seen in?
Why are there according to Jim Box sets everywhere?
You guys are doing bits,
but I don't think
that Jim Belushi would mind me.
Well, I don't care what he would mind,
but his basement
is a bar,
but it's covered with pictures
similar to an Irish bar, but it's just Jim Belushi
shaking hands with different people.
And so the reveal was, he was like,
Do you know where you are? And I was like,
Well, someone loves Jim Belushi.
Oh, the Jim Belushi's house!
So that was the big thing.
All the people who are shaking hands with are people
who don't know.
Good job on the crown molding.
The guy that gave me the Miller Life picture.
Thank you for moving this dartboard into here.
They just want to leave.
Oh, in a wall with a hundred telephoto.
This is the guy who sold me the DLP TV.
Man, this guy's really taken a pounding
in this conversation.
I heard a story that
he pissed off his
co-stars on Life According to Jim.
Is that what it's called? According to Jim.
And, uh...
Everything, everything according to Jim.
It's according to Jim.
Don't get all Indian on me.
He didn't want to go off the set to go pee
in the bathroom, which was just off the soundstage.
He took the pickle jar on the craft service table
and took a piss in the pickle jar
next to his, like, female co-star.
That's a story I've heard.
But he must have been like,
Now am I a legend?
What is it gonna take?
Nobody would know the name of his book.
It's called...
It's called Pissing in the Pickles.
He has a book called
Not Ah, My Lady, or something like...
It's got the cover of the book.
That's what I said.
It's a bicep tattoo with the title of the book on it,
which is like, Real Men Don't Say I'm Sorry or Something.
Yes, that's exactly the title.
I don't own it.
Let it be known, I said nothing
against Jim Belushi this entire time.
Don't...is that an apology?
Because I know that Jim Belushi would look down on that.
That's not his thing.
What?
You don't...Real Men Don't Say I'm Sorry.
Oh.
I was like, Mitch, that was amazing!
Mitch Hurwitz.
That's all I want.
Real Men will put their shirt back on.
He's a very...I've met him a couple times.
He's a very, very nice guy.
Yeah, just so Shabani...
Shabani knows.
That was me...
Jim Belushi just shot himself.
Jim Belushi just dropped from the rafters
with a half-mask on.
Hey, hey, hey!
That must have been why we were talking about him.
We saw him and we forgot.
He has haunted this comic book store.
I know.
That was actually Amazon Drones delivering
a demand with one red shoe.
The nerd...
Meltdown used to be a
cigar humidor.
And he's haunted it ever since it got turned
into a comic book store.
What are all these picture books?
Spot on, Jim Belushi.
Why are none of these pictures of me?
I do like...
Mitch, have you got a Jim Belushi impression for us?
I've got a John Belushi impression
and it's not very good, so yes.
Oh, my God!
Jim Belushi is too easy.
Too easy.
And I don't...
That's funny.
I have no beef with a man.
Jim Belushi, get off the roof!
He's trying to get in.
Oh, my God.
He's somewhere Jim Belushi just looked around.
He felt that.
Mitch, did you write that a week ago
and hope we would get here?
I regret it immediately.
Jim Belushi is in our electronic system.
I know.
And in our hearts.
That was amazing.
Let's play some music.
We're at a crucial point in our D&D campaign, Mitch.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I won't get... I'll let you do it.
As a first timer, I want you to treat yourself.
Spencer here is our Dungeon Master extraordinaire.
Hello.
And he will catch us up to date
where we are in the campaign.
Yeah.
What's up, you guys?
That's good to hear.
When we last met,
our heroes were being assaulted
by a mysterious metal mitt.
After pulling the head off
their mortal enemy,
a massive arm burst through the floor,
grabbing Quark and holding him fast.
As Mulraine worked to free the halfling,
Sharpie quickly turned into gas.
The wizards seeped through the crack in the floor
and saw the massive metallic golem,
golem,
to which the arm belonged
and flowed through his middle plates
and into his inner workings.
Then as Quark and Mulraine attacked the golem,
Quark began...
I'm sorry.
Sharpie began punching a red glowing node
that began emitting a glowing red heat,
and then I got pissed and left.
Is that what happened?
Spencer, point of order.
I'm not a halfling, I'm a gnome.
Oh, shit!
Jeff, leave!
If I had something to turn in like a badge,
I'd put it on the table.
Wait, Spencer,
you got pissed off last time and left?
Yeah, yeah. I mean, something like that.
It was a bit.
He's not allowed to say it was a bit.
Just how fun would that be?
I mean, I thought about doing it in the past,
but it worked best there in that circumstance.
But we sat here
like thunderstruck.
Yeah, well, I couldn't be accountable for that at that point.
Yeah.
I could have saved the show, but I was offstage.
All right,
Spencer, draw for us the picture,
remind everybody, and Mitch especially,
what we're looking at in the room
that we're in right now. Okay, so imagine
you're on the second floor.
You're way higher than that. You're up in a tower,
and it's coming in, and it's grabbed.
It's grabbing around. It's just an arm.
And on the lower level,
you got a big robot man,
and he's putting the arm up there.
And now you are inside
this robot. Right.
And you guys, no, Clark's on the top level,
Kumail's on it,
Christopher's on the top level,
and Mulraine's on the robot's shoulder.
And Mitch,
Kumail's character is
Christopher, the guy that wrote Lady and Red.
He just told me that.
He was like, who's Christopher? Yeah.
Oh, well, so you've heard my work.
No, I haven't.
It's a great song. Do you have ladies in any other colors?
I guess it's more important than
in previous episodes,
but if I'm gas,
and I went gaseously into the robot,
and I'm like punching,
where's my hawk? Yeah, that's a great question.
A venture.
Can the honk not vaporize?
I mean, it can.
It's created by spells that affect the user.
Oh, really? So the hawk came with me?
In theory.
All right. I look around for a venture.
A venture!
That's you.
Played by Robin Williams.
This far in the podcast.
Yeah, right here, boss.
Oh, good. Thank you.
I was worried about you.
It just got a little gassy, and I just...
But I'm here, I'm back.
All right.
I keep punching the...
I'm assuming this is the robot's heart,
and I'm going to hit it
and stab it and kick it and spit on it.
As you do all those things
to the glowing red spot, it begins
to grow, grow, glow
brighter and hotter and brighter and hotter,
as it burns you with a glowing
hot energy.
Don't stop doing that.
You really? Yeah. Don't do it.
All right. Because it's getting hotter.
It is.
You take three heat damage.
I take three heat damage. Yeah, that's how hot it is.
All right. I wish there was a way
to...
to leave like a grenade here
and just get out of here.
Well...
I have no grenades.
Do you...
I have a feeling I'm supposed to do something.
No, you're just a hawk.
You know, I mean, anything that you can conceive
of doing as a hawk. Great.
Um... Gas hawk.
We nest.
We have very good eyesight. I notice there's
a ring on the finger. Yeah, you could...
You could peck at things. You could fly in attack
with beak and talons. Yeah, so you're inside
this robot also looking around at all these
weird glowing stuff, but being a bird
you don't really get what it means.
Also, he doesn't have the brain
of a non-hawk. He doesn't have the brain
of Mitch Hurlitz. Well, even your
character wouldn't really understand
the inside of a golem, you know? Sure.
Well, fuck this thing. I'm shocking grasping
the heart. Fine. I'll take my
heat damage, but it's going to get some
damage in response. I'm
defibrillating this
MF. But that's a good thing.
You don't want to do that. Only if he's
dead, it's like a toggle.
You ever defibrillate
a live person? Smart.
Yeah. You have
the hawk seal of approval on that one.
Thank you. It's like a toggle.
Can I ask you a question?
Please. I know you can
see really far, but up close
I don't read a lot.
No, I don't.
All right. Shocking grasping
the heart. Grasping
the heart.
If you hold the book really far away, but
you know what I mean? Then I'm circling and I'm trying to
and I can't track the narrative.
I can't track the narrative.
Just cream turned to pay. You're far away.
You can't. Yeah, you can't.
I've been reading the corrections for about seven years.
Of what?
I think many people have.
All right.
You grab the heart thing.
It starts being electrified.
It takes 17 damage.
It's heart damage.
Can I ask where is
Admiral Darkstart at this point? Well, his head
got taken off and
yeah, you don't know where he went.
He kind of turned into gas also.
There's a lot of gas.
Am I being grasped upstairs by the arm?
No, you slipped out of its grasp.
Okay, I go into a barbarian rage.
Yeah, okay. As I do.
Twice a day.
And I take my mighty greatsword
and I try to chop off the arm
and see if that severs any, if robots bleed
out of their arteries like
mortal beings do.
This one doesn't.
Well, shit.
Yeah, you cleave into its arm
and it planks off of its arm
as if it didn't take any damage
or get hurt in any way.
This sucks.
I say, ah-fooey.
In a rage.
It is going to be one of those things where it's like, oh, send
the hawk down to make friends with it, but I
No, we've tried to make
friends every time with something and it always
we've done, we've put on shows for them.
And you're inside its chest with me
like, burning to death.
I'm in there with you.
And you're in a gaseous state right now.
We're not really gaseous.
Nah, you guys are back.
We're re-solidified, but we're inside a robot's chest
just hanging out.
Do we try to shaking it?
Shaking its heart?
I tried to electrocute its heart.
Yeah, if you can view
the hawk abilities, you could go look for
other vital organs.
Hawks are very fatty birds
and maybe we just
cholesterol them.
We just get those HDLs up.
LDLs.
I don't know if that's important.
In the spirit of Thanksgiving, I will let him
eat me.
Spencer, can I
use my armlet of summer to ignite
my firearm?
Yeah, you're already on firearm.
I thought so, but I was just making sure.
I run up to
his neck
and I say, heads up!
I grab my
fiery arms around his neck.
And then I call out for Avenger.
Avenger!
That's to you.
Oh, I'm sorry, I was just listening to some
Christe Berge.
And what do I do?
Avenger, fly
into his neck and peck at his innards.
Well, I got to get out.
If you can.
Or fly up through here.
While you're holding him, I'm going to do that.
I'm going to fly in, I'm going to peck it.
You're already in so you can just go up to the head.
I'm around the outside.
I have my fiery arms around his neck.
So I'm burning from the outside.
Maybe from the inside you can do
like a reverse phone booth
peck from birds
on his neck.
You know, I go
and I do an interesting sort of
beak dance
in his esophagus.
Your interesting
set of beak dance, as you put it.
Yeah, is that in your thing
anywhere?
Mitch, what you don't know is that I've read
all the books and so like, I know all these
extra things.
Yeah, you roll three die
for that. But I have talons.
I have talons, I can scratch at it,
I can create some esophageal bleeding.
What is the DC on beak dance?
I mean,
really like 26.
That's not a funny thing at all.
No, it's funny because you had an answer.
But yeah, the talons
not so hot against metal
as it happens. But my armor?
Yeah, it heats it up.
But it doesn't do much
more than that. So it's hot
now. Okay, so where
I am?
I'm just watching all this happen.
I guess.
And I have no way to get
into any weak parts of the robot
from where I am. I mean, not where you know
of. You're up on
the second floor with the hand
with quark. Oh, and the hand still.
Yeah.
You're above the other guys.
Okay, well
but I
tell me, can I use a bola
to snare the
hand and render it immobile?
You can definitely
try. What do you guys think? Is that a fun?
You're going to snare it to something
or just tie its fingers together or what?
Yeah, yeah.
That's it.
But I mean, I'm sort
of a rope based combatant, so I really
want to work this in.
So I take the, what the
bola is there no way?
It wouldn't fit around the arm probably.
Oh, okay. Is there any, anybody have
any magnetism or anything like that?
I have
bones. There's an electrical system we could
disrupt. I'm very charismatic.
You
have your arms around his neck.
I think that ship has sailed.
But can I
try using my talents together? There's some kind
of wiring. There must be some. There aren't
actually any wires. There aren't wires? No,
see, you tried that last week, Dan. So this
is the six. I was drunk. Yeah.
Well, this is the new one. He has the
liar of building.
Oh, who is?
Okay, well, guess what, buddy? Yeah.
Let me know when it's my turn, because I just
found it.
I think it's Coomel's turn,
but if he doesn't want to do anything.
Who is the liar of building? Is that a thing
that's useful? If no one knows, I'll say it's
you. Me? Yeah.
So can I just build a
building under the robot and just
fucking
just fucking
grow a building through his whole
fucking body? Maybe like an obelisk.
It'd take like a long, long
time.
How long? Like a half hour.
You know, but with some
of these liar buildings, it's like
a thousand human hours.
So
you're saving. Yeah, I don't know if you took
that into account. I don't know if you
heard that part. It's definitely
a wondrous construction.
Okay. Well, you know what?
I don't... Dan,
I got a little
sharpie. Go for it.
Give it a try. Sharpie.
Quick question.
This is like
Clarence Darrow closing an argument.
This is...
Would you say this item that I'm
standing in front of is his heart?
No, it's a golem.
It's not like a shark. No, but I'm saying
I like how you're already backtracking.
I'm inside of it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm saying like, would you
say that this item that I'm standing
in front of is its heart?
No.
This
big red thing that's like burning me.
Using your knowledge, Arcana,
you determine it to be some sort of
heat emission weapon device.
Not a heart.
So you're saying this item
isn't a heart? No, it's more of a heat
emission sort of weapon.
So you admit it's an item.
I shrink
item.
Oh, nice.
Wow.
Item shrinks to 1.16
normal size. Clarence Darrow.
It sure does.
As you wave your arms about
Conjurus Minimus
and speak the magical catchphrase
before your very eyes, the heat
emission object dwindles in
size. It dwindles and dwindles
and dwindles to about
1.16
of its original size.
It begins glowing brightly and
emits the heat of maybe a toaster
or something non-lethal.
I turn to Avenger and I'm like,
let's make some toast.
Let's eat a little something
and then we'll celebrate.
Avenger, I
love the rest of the development.
Oh, that's so nice. Thank you.
I was cut from the pilot, but I was
circling the boat in the first scene.
Wait, does that kill the robot?
Nope.
Because it's not his heart.
But it's an item.
That was really good.
Yeah, definitely.
Spencer,
I want to do a power attack at his wrist
and pour water into it.
There's no wires, it's magic.
It's gold.
It's a gown.
Okay, I tried this.
Is the arm coming through a hole
that just fits his arm or is there space
around the hole? No, there's space.
Okay, I try to stick
my greatsword into it
and slide down his wrist like
Douglas Fairbanks done a sale.
Yeah.
Down the road, as they say.
Okay, I didn't know that.
What did he call it? Down the road?
Down the road is what that's called?
Yeah.
It's a cutting reference.
Oh, it's a suicide.
It's a crime rose, and it's a suicide, Joe.
No, not suicide. Well, I guess if you go
down the road, it is suicide.
I didn't know that, but half of our audience did.
We have a lot of...
No one is surprised at that.
It's the Tumblr generation.
Do we need to do a sound effect where we all gasp?
Oh, my God, Spencer's showing us.
All right, I try to go down the road, man.
You do this as you say it.
It does some damage, let's see here.
Am I sliding down his wrist?
Oh, yeah, it's breaking your fall
as you're cutting it open
like a can of meat.
Does meat come in a can?
Sometimes. Spam, spam, corned beef.
Spam's not really.
Well, I mean, let's not get spam on around.
It's not the first example I would come up with
when I was coming up with stuff that's in a can.
But meat works.
Yeah, yeah, you know.
Meat in a can.
So you do that. It does...
What was that? 15.
18 damage.
All right.
And you find yourself, you know,
halfway down its arm.
Am I down to the lower level now?
I'm sure I'm just kind of suspended around his ulna
or what, so like...
Yeah, his ulna.
It does 18 damage to a thing
with 1.16 its heart.
Is that a heart?
It's a heat emission device.
It's a hot thing
that powers it in its chest.
Does it power it?
No.
It's a weapon emission.
It's just a defense mechanism.
From two floors up, I yell,
It's not as fucking hard!
And then I feel immediately
bad.
I go back,
I'm doing God's work in here!
I don't care how long it takes.
The monster shifts.
It's not a monster.
It's a fucking whatever.
The automaton shifts
as its shoulder is now being occupied.
It tries to extricate its arm,
but it can't seem to get it.
It's all messed up from being all sliced open
and whatnot.
And from the shrinking its red thing.
No.
Not a heart.
I'll just let you...
Avenger, I feel like what I did was important.
You know, so much of this is
filtered through a bird's eyes,
but it's, to me,
I really,
I respected it.
I chose you as a familiar
because I feel like everything you've done is important, too.
I haven't done much.
I've done some circling.
I made some comments about a beak dance.
That got some...
You underplay it.
You inspire me.
Oh, then fuck it.
Why do we want to hurt this thing?
I mean...
This robot?
I say dumb things.
Okay.
Robots fight flailing around.
It's SWAT netchy, guys,
but it's missing. It's not hitting you.
Nice.
I'm still
by his neck, right?
Hugging it.
I'm going to use...
I'm going to release the heat.
So to speak.
Also,
the name of my WWE wrestling character.
I'm going to release the heat.
And I'm going to
use my
very high diplomacy.
And I'm going to say,
Hey!
Shut down!
Huh?
I need to roll dice for that.
No!
I'm going to file this under W for a worth of shot.
Yeah.
They drop Siri from these things
a couple of weeks ago.
So they don't...
I'll add...
We...
There is a mix-up.
We talked
to your master
and they...
You're actually the welcoming committee.
All is forgiven.
Yeah.
We forgive you.
It's totally fine.
We placated you for a little while
because we know this is what you do
when we don't want to insult your strength
or your mechanism.
And while she's saying it's me with my sword in its elbow,
I go, yeah, we forgive you.
Test successful.
So if you could just lower us down
and show us the way out of here,
that would be...
I start thinking Lady in Red
just to be like, hey, this sounds familiar, right?
Yeah.
Resume glow job mode.
As per
your ordinary protocol.
Which is what we know you were designed for
originally. Just based on your lips.
Based on that architecture.
Based on those DSLs, yeah.
The first DSL.
And really quick with my craft kit,
my God's eye.
And I say, hey, we shrunk
one of your items, but now you're making one
of my items grow.
And I kind of just look at it for a while
like, anything?
I mean, I know Chris, whatever,
DeBerg isn't the sexiest
man in America right now.
But it has an effect.
Imagine that
Camille.
I don't have any barra bat mitzvahs coming up.
I'm sure he would be totally willing
to perform at them.
So, what is...
Sorry, everybody. How is...
How is the gollum robot?
Come on, Spencer, play D&D with us.
Can we roll the dice?
How's gollum robot? How's his robot?
Respond all of it.
You keep looking at me.
Come on, we told you what we did.
Now tell us
what he does.
Hard facts are that I have
very high diplomacy.
Hard facts!
These are the hard facts,
gentlemen.
These sats don't lie.
Does that mean something different
than I think it means?
No, no, I'm supporting you.
I think Indians, you know,
will perform.
While this happens,
my sword that's in his arm
is horizontal.
It's just my dad.
I thought it was still
Jim Belushi.
It was Jim trying to do
his brother's karate character in the back.
As this is happening,
I'm sitting on my sword like a little bird perch.
He's just a killer bean.
He's like, well, I'll practice
and then I'll show them.
Just to add to it,
I'm sitting on my sword like a little bird perch
and I take out my lute of charming
and I play that to charm him as well.
Okay, all right.
And I take out my ribbon dagger
and I hold the knife in my hand
and I kind of do like a twirling ribbon dance.
You know, like it looks beautiful.
I do it great.
You know, and I get out a little
typewriter and I start
writing something.
This is what I write.
Day three.
What's up with rice?
That's dates not beans.
All right.
Some country chronicles.
Why don't you start with day three?
You had just taken it out.
It's an immediate result, however you say it.
I don't have to tell you
when I start my journal.
Anyway.
Deep within the hero's hearts,
they must have realized that somehow
this wouldn't be effective in any way.
I'm excited.
Not excited.
However...
Go on.
Because it's Thanksgiving.
Just as there's not normally
a Hong Kong Fooie
on Macy Street.
That was the end of your
pronouncement. Yeah, nothing happens.
All right, fine.
We'll show you.
We were sitting and talking.
I do everything by the book.
My character does everything
by the book for the rest of his life.
Every child he has
he's got a certain amount of hit dice
and he does everything just normally
by the numbers.
He does everything
by the book.
Avenger?
I was helping somebody with it.
Then the book...
Then write down...
Could do everything by...
I take out the blood book, the blood book.
My blood book of blood spells.
Okay.
It doesn't have blood in it.
It's not a heart.
That's why we don't...
It doesn't have blood.
I cut myself.
You cut yourself.
I pour blood
onto where I'm standing.
Is there a shelf near the...
There's electronics. I keep thinking water.
There's no electronics.
It's a golem.
I flip through the blood book
and I'm just randomly...
I'm hoping there's going to be a thing
that'll turn my blood into something so big
that it'll explode the golem from the inside.
Sort of what I try to do with the building,
but you shut me down.
That's not going to work.
Sharpie, look inside.
Is there any sort of mechanism or any sort of sin use
or things that look vital that we could...
I examine my surroundings.
There's been a long time since that's happened.
You had to roll the dice?
I examine my surroundings.
It's a procession check, man.
I examine all of them.
You examine your surroundings.
You see several glowing things.
Three of them are green.
Two of them are yellow.
You also see two holes below you.
What about those glowing things?
That's got to be the key to something, right, guys?
I'm interested in those two holes below.
One of them was my daughter.
So that's happening.
Are the glowing things like glowing balls?
Can I get up to them?
You can't. You're outside.
You're not in here.
To the holes, I'm going down into the holes.
Let's go in the holes.
We're going to the holes.
How big are the holes?
Are they hand-sized like we can fit in them?
Yeah.
They've got to be the legs.
You're just going into the feet.
Nice.
You say it like that.
This is...
Second ago, we were inviting people...
No, you said there's two green, two yellow.
Three green, two yellow.
Figure out the pattern there.
Are there holes on the outside?
Three green, two yellow.
That's a mislead.
Yeah, it's not anatomical.
It's not like...
Two legs that are the size of a dude.
It says the heart guy.
But they must go somewhere.
I mean, I could explore.
Avenger, you...
I'll go down the other one.
High five before we go.
Avenger, I love your work.
You guys jump down the holes.
And what you see is really strange.
You see a glowing stone...
floating in midfoot.
Are we both together again?
No, that's got to be a power...
We both see glowing stones.
Yeah, so this has got to be the power source.
Yeah.
I feel like it should be someone else's turn
unless we want to keep going.
It's Chris's turn.
Yeah, okay.
Well, I'm outside of all this.
I have no idea what's going on, right?
Can I take my wire saw?
Yeah.
I'm in the feet.
Easy with the saw.
Can I get down to the feet
from where I am?
It would take you...
A turn?
What can I reach of the robot?
You can get down to his shoulder, I think,
or maybe his torso.
Go and I dip the saw in the acid.
I have five vials of acid.
And I just pour all of them on there.
On the wire saw.
Hopefully they don't dissolve the saw itself.
Yeah.
And they don't.
I feel like that's what happens.
Okay, all right.
Take back.
He still has the handle.
I have the handle.
It's like a Merck's Brothers.
Is the robot...
Can I use any of the poisons?
No, not a robot.
I just go down there and I start sawing at the neck of the...
Nice.
I jump out of the way.
Your blade bites deeply into the metal
and you continue to saw vigorously.
It'll take some time.
It's sawing.
Is it going to take longer than making a fucking building would have?
No, not quite as long.
Okay.
Who's turn is it?
Me.
We'll go this way.
Okay, great.
Well,
I am going to...
Can I jump into his face
down to where the glowing things are?
Can I jump into his mouth?
No, it doesn't really have a proper mouth.
All right.
I don't know why that's funny.
Okay, all right.
Well, then I'm going to...
I'm going to help Chris saw.
Will that speed it up?
Yeah, definitely.
Hey, I got you.
Oh, cool.
You know, I almost dissolved my own saw
with these acids.
What a maroon.
Now, does the column have a head
to a robot thing?
Yeah, definitely.
I go on to the other side
and do a flaming sword
power attack and try to chop his head from the other side.
All right.
Oh, fuck.
Oh.
You critically hit.
Whoa!
Wow.
Ooh.
It deals 26 damage.
Oh!
You guys are wailing on it
from both sides.
It's got maybe a third of its neck left
at this point.
Yeah.
Mitch, you having a good time?
Yeah, I feel like...
I'm glad the sawing is stopping
because that's been annoying.
That sound.
We're almost done
with the sawing.
You guys go.
All right, so I got a gem in front of me.
I combined the gems.
I mean, obviously,
I'm the interloper here.
I don't think we're in the same place.
But you got a gem, I got a gem.
We both went down two different holes.
And we're in two different gems.
Can I cast shrink item on again?
Uh, yes.
You're just making the thing that...
Oh, on the jewel.
Hey, man, however many hearts this thing has.
I opened my mouth.
I opened my mouth
and I don't say anything.
And I just nod.
Minimus?
Itemus?
That's a different magical phrase
than the last time.
I'm, like, uh,
Lou Diamond Phillips in La Bamba.
I don't sing it the same way.
It's not part of my people.
Oh, then it works.
That...
Easy gem.
According to Jim, this show is almost over.
Okay, you cast it
on this gem and
it seems to not shrink.
But then it does.
Yeah!
That's good storytelling.
That's good.
Because for a second, it seemed like it wasn't going to shrink.
No.
And then, and I was like, oh, god,
and then it shrunk. That's what I was going for.
That is what you were going for.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I can't see, so I go,
guys, did it shrink right away?
Or was there a moment?
No, I did the exact same thing.
I thought it wasn't going to shrink.
It must have been terrifying for that split second.
Yeah, right at the start,
when it seemed like it wasn't going to shrink.
Cut the chatter, Red 2.
Yeah.
So as you shrink the power gem,
you notice the ambient lights
of all the glowing things above your head
start to dim and
go dim.
So that was the
late dimmer.
Great work by our lighting expert.
Literally, I saw
walk away.
Yeah.
Avenger!
Go right over to the guitar center.
Shrink your gem!
Sorry.
I'm being ironic.
You know, I'm in a foot
and I really can't.
You made that assumption from the moment
we went down those two black holes.
I really can't hear you.
I think you can.
We're like Beastmaster and Beastmaster D.
Thanks.
I'm a huge fan of your work, too.
Huge fan of your work, too.
Thank you, thank you.
Inspired by it.
That's not possible, but thank you.
Maybe we should slow down
the time in there.
Yeah.
We stop sawing.
We're just going to give them a little more time.
No, don't stop sawing!
Yeah, don't stop on our account.
We just don't want to invade your intimacy.
Keep sawing, you guys.
What happened to Shrunk? That was a good thing, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Guys, the show's over in a minute.
Okay.
Is there any way you can get to the other foot
quickly and also shrink it?
Sorry, everybody.
Can I put my armor
on the saw to make it go faster
to heat up the metal? It kills my saw again.
Yeah, it would.
This saw.
Is it possible?
This is putting a lot of onus on the bonus here,
but is it possible
because we're wrapping the show up here,
we've got to get out of here.
Maybe Avenger and Sharpie
have a moment here
to have some sort of cliffhanger.
You guys are both...
I feel like what we need to do is pull back
from the whole combat scene
to a kind of Rod Serling-like genie
voiced by Robin Williams.
All right.
Just sort of...
Oh, they're in trouble now.
That's our show, everybody.
Thank you so much.
We fucking did it.
Thank you so much, everybody, for coming.
One more time, Erin McGathy.
Yeah!
Spencer Crittenden.
Kumail Nanjiani.
Mitch Herwitz.
Yeah!
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for your mayor, Dan Hartman.
Yeah!
Thank you all. Have a good night.
If you're trying to make yourself laugh,
we happen to have chosen a field
that neither of us are really right for
because television is all about repetition.
That's what it does best.
Maybe up until the current era.
I think I know how to help them.
I'll cast a bit of Mirai and Murphy witchcraft.
Oh, it's Ryan Murphy.
Ryan Murphy.
You just need some voodoo magic
for the violin.
Come on.
Do something really sexy.
Take your fucking shirt off.
Take your shirt off.
Come on, hot shot.
You're a public figure. It's not harassment.
I'm being bullied by Mitch Herwitz.
It's not bullying
if you're voted sexy.
Oh, you are.
You're a public figure now.
Jesus Christ!
Holy cow.
Look at those tips.
Oh, my God. His pecs look so good.
Mitch, you thinking what I'm thinking?
Oh, my God.